[detective]
The victim's entire head
had been smashed in
by a blunt object.
It was so bad that
we couldn't identify
his face or match
any dental records.
but we're certain
that the victim
is Sergeant Tokunosuke Terada.
We're still unsure
why Detective Terada
went to an abandoned
gas station by himself
in the middle of the night.
On his cellphone,
we found some personal
text messages
exchanged between
the two of you.
The estimated
time of death was today,
between the hours
of 2:00 and 3:00 AM.
Where were you,
and what were you doing?
[Saki] I was at home alone.
[opening music]
[reporter] The body of
a man thought to be an officer
of the Makurazaka City
Police Department
was found around 6:00 AM.
It was reported that a body
with its face smashed in
was found at an abandoned
gas station along the freeway.
[reporter]
And although there's
- no official statement...
-[Chief] You okay?
-from the police department
at this time, we will
-c ontinue to update you ...
-[Saki] Chief! I...
Yes sir,
though a little stunned.
Detective Terada seemed
really happy lately
because he was hitting it off
with you.
There's a high likelihood
he was killed
due to a grudge incurred
on the job.
Suffice it to say,
other officers
are being questioned
about their interactions
with Detective Terada,
just as you were.
The Makurazaka Police Dept.
staff are the ones
being questioned first.
By the way, Yumihara...
Is it true that
Detective Terada
was investigating
Steel Lady Nanase?
Yes. I mentioned it
during my interrogation,
when I was asked.
The investigating detective
already knew...
Wait, has the media gotten
that info?
No, it hasn't been leaked yet.
But there are people who are
trying to connect
the incident
with Detective Terada
to Steel Lady Nanase...
since his face was smashed in
during a late night encounter.
Apparently,
that's making some people
believe it was
Steel Lady Nanase.
Talk about a sick joke.
Yes. It is quite
irresponsible...
Inventing rumors about
somebody's death like that.
I just have a hard time
believing that
Detective Terada of all people,
was beaten to death.
What could have
possibly happened?
If only...
If only I would've
been more reliable...
I should've done
a better job warning him...
This isn't your fault,
Yumihara.
But still, it feels like I...
Of course,
there's no trace of a fight,
or of him struggling,
or of the suspect...
Because he was killed
by Steel Lady Nanase.
I can't help but feel that
I was too cold to him.
After all,
I had only just recently
learned his first name.
That's not your fault.
Detective Terada hated
that name.
Said it was too old-fashioned
and meek.
He hated being called it.
Most people never knew it.
[cell phone buzzing]
The police won't be able
to capture the real culprit...
Neither Steel Lady Nanase
nor the imaginations
of the people
that created her.
The case will likely
go unsolved.
The only ones who can defeat
that monster
are those who know
the truth and
have the power to
do something about it.
[Kotoko] Right after
the news this morning,
the internet went wild
with the story
that Steel Lady Nanase had
finally killed someone
and a cop at that.
Even a few TV personalities
are saying this death
is connected with
Karin Nanase's.
This went
national instantly.
The posts have been
multiplying exponentially.
I'm tired.
I can't remember
the last time it rained...
I miss the comfort of
the bench at the hospital.
It was so quiet,
yet so freeing.
I want to drift
to sleep there,
as I listen to the sound
of the falling rain.
It'd be even better if
Kuro was right by my side.
[Kuro] Iwanaga.
[Kotoko gasps]
Time for a break.
Have some.
Keep your blood sugar up.
It's a bit lackluster.
Just enough to
make me hungry.
That's what you say after being
given high-quality chocolates?
That snark is rich
from the person who's staying
at the same hotel as me,
yet got a separate room.
Aren't you supposed to be
my boyfriend?
Look, I did that because
I wanted you to get some
actual sleep, okay?
How about you don't
let me sleep?
"Early to bed, early to rise"
is the key to good health.
Did an immortal just try to
talk to me about health?
What's up?
Nothing, just thinking.
Have you made any progress with
your research on the wiki?
Well things have definitely
taken a turn
since the incident
this morning.
The vast majority of
the comments section
believes that this is
the work of Steel Lady Nanase.
If you do a search for
the victim's name,
you can see that he was even
an Olympic candidate in judo.
But someone like him
being beaten to death,
with no signs of a struggle...
Sounds so bizaare,
it's easy to think
Steel Lady Nanase's to blame.
People are spouting off
theories and rumors
concerning Detective Terada's
death, then
there's the net creeps going on
about Karin Nanase's boobs.
That makes a lot of sense.
Her chest was
incredibly bouncy.
What, did you touch them?!
Or did you try to
squeeze them
when you were
holding on to her?!
I wasn't thinking about that
at the time.
You definitely could have
if you chose a future
where you brushed against them!
You had the opportunity!
If I cared so much
about big boobs,
I never would've dated
you or Saki.
You may have yearned for
something different...
Just once in your life,
you might've wanted to
manhandle those exceptionally
choice mounds of fat!
Can you swear to Amaterasu
that you didn't have
such pervy thoughts cross
your dirty mind?!
This is starting to sound
like you're projecting...
[groan]
Let's get back on topic.
At this point,
it's hard to dismiss
Steel Lady Nanase
as being nothing more than
a mere rumor.
People are now more inclined
to believe it was a ghost.
It was already happening
before now.
Ever since the rumors of
Steel Lady Nanase began,
the idea that this was
a ghost, and that
it was harassing people
were well received.
The scales are tipping too far
toward one side.
Look, Kuro I'm going
to be blunt.
Go on.
I think that Rikka is heavily
intertwined with this case.
In truth, I think
she's at its core.
I knew that,
but I can't defend her
now that someone's dead.
-[knock on the door]
-[Kotoko surprised]
[creak]
I'm sorry for running late.
Are you okay, Saki?
I'm fine. Thank you.
There's no doubt, is there?
The Steel Lady caused
Detective Terada's death.
[Kotoko] Correct.
[Kotoko] An ayakashi
who saw the incident
as it happened came to see me
this morning.
He gave me
an eyewitness account.
[Saki] I see.
This may be a stupid question
to ask,
but will Detective Terada now
be a ghost
wandering this world?
Well, it's not as though
everybody who dies
just becomes a ghost,
and roams.
If he doesn't,
that's preferred.
They're better off not
being left to wander.
Of course. I guess it was
a stupid question.
[sigh]
Regardless, this isn't good.
True. We would've been
far better off
if the culprit was anyone
other than Steel Lady Nanase.
They say the victim's face
was smashed in!
[internet user] Could it be...?
[Kotoko] While people were
stirring over the fact
that this might've been
an actual murder
by Steel Lady Nanase...
Wait, now they're saying
that his death might have
been an accident?
[Kotoko] If that had
spread instead,
this would've been confirmed
as rumor
and toned everything down.
At the same time,
the threat of Steel Lady Nanase
would've weakened,
and her popularity
would've waned.
Then we could use
Kuro's ability
to find a more
favorable future and
discover a way to destroy
Steel Lady Nanase,
once and for all.
After I heard about what had
happened to Detective Terada,
to be honest,
I was hoping things would
turn out that way.
Steel Lady Nanase was
behind his death.
If the police are pursuing
this incident as a murder case,
they're going to need to get
more consistent information,
making things more difficult.
But now, the bigger problem
is the fact that
Steel Lady Nanase has instantly
become a more violent entity.
Since she has now gone past
scaring people,
and actually committed
a murder...
Steel Lady Nanase is now
something more violent
that pursues her victims
until they're dead.
At this rate,
there will no doubt
be another victim tonight.
Huh?!
The worst-case scenario,
it might not be just
one or two.
There could be
multiple victims.
No, that can't be...
This is now being talked
about nationally.
The fantasies are expanding
in an extreme way,
causing the monster to
grow in an instant.
TV show Research teams
are trying to verify
information on her
and fanatics of the occult
may even start flooding
into the city.
If any of those groups happen
to run into Steel Lady Nanase,
they'll be slaughtered.
Lots of places have
security cameras.
If they capture footage and
it ends up being leaked ...
more people will learn
about her,
making her existence
even stronger.
And from that point on,
logical fiction would
be useless.
What are we supposed to do?
If that happens,
then how can people still wish
for the existence of
Steel Lady Nanase?
They probably won't
wish for it.
But at that point,
too many people
will fear Steel Lady Nanase
as an actual ghost,
not just an urban legend.
Despite denying her existence,
they'll also be praying that
she never crosses their path.
There's no way to tell
what kind of power
that ghost is about to get.
This is messed up...
Has the truth always been
so paper thin
you can rip it apart?
I wouldn't say paper thin,
but you're correct to believe
that it can be ripped
to pieces.
It's exactly why,
someone out there has
to protect that truth.
This'll decide everything.
We have to defeat
Steel Lady Nanase,
and we have to do it tonight.
You want to do it by tonight?
But there's no time
left at all!
Saki.
I need information.
In order to create
logical fiction
to take the ghost down,
I will need the truth
at all times.
[Kotoko] So there weren't
any traces
of drugs or alcohol
in Detective Terada's body.
Right. They weren't able to
find out anything useful
from his body.
Thank you.
It's just starting to
sound more and more
like Karin Nanase's death.
The media hasn't
said anything
about drugs or alcohol
in his system either.
And on the Internet, they seem
to be amused by the fact
that he was killed in such
an unusual and unique way.
Because that seems more like
Steel Lady Nanase?
Right.
Because how do you hope to win
a fight against a ghost?
They all agree on one thing,
at least.
They'd be helplessly
killed too.
But if this wasn't really
the work of a ghost,
how were they able to beat
Detective Terada to death
without a struggle?
Needless to say,
finding a way to explain
that will be difficult.
But to really defeat
Steel Lady Nanase,
we need to find a likely
culprit other than her.
The fictional culprit can
be more than one person,
and they don't have to commit
the same crime.
Surely, we can also
make it seem like
the previous events
were unrelated, right?
The issue with that is,
then we'd have to
explain why
the culprit wanted to make
their crimes seem like...
something Steel Lady Nanase
would be guilty of.
What if Detective Terada's
death had nothing to do
with Steel Lady Nanase?
Maybe the detective had crossed
the wrong people
and someone with
a grudge killed him...
But the way he died seemed
like Steel Lady Nanase did it.
Do you think that could work?
Even if they can't narrow down
who did it,
if we give
a similar explanation,
we can distance ourselves
from Steel Lady Nanase.
And then, all we have
to do is explain
the motive behind the attack.
From there, we give
other explanations
as to what happened.
[groan]
"Divide each problem into
as many parts as possible.
It sounds feasible,
but it's likely impossible
to fully cut her off.
People seek dreams
in their stories
and hope that reality
is similar.
Knowing it's just a coincidence
is more disappointing
than the much more
grand interpretation
that something was fate.
[Saki] If this was
a real incident,
and we had the data and
deduction skills we need,
we could've tracked down
the truth by now.
But what she's trying to do
is conceal the truth
and create a new truth with
a manufactured culprit
that doesn't even exist.
We basically want people
to believe,
and say, "Of course.
That's totally possible."
It's not deduction that
people are looking for here.
They want something else.
-[Kotoko] Hmm...What to do...
-[Saki] Yes!
This isn't about deductions.
[Kotoko] Then I'll just go down
the middle!
[Saki] Which is it?
[Kotoko's frustrated groan]
Why is this so frustrating!
Even if we're able to explain
everything rationally...
the rumors of
the Steel Lady create
a surprisingly effective
explanation of this case
for the outside observer.
Devising an explanation
that's simple,
and most importantly,
convincing,
is far more difficult
than one would imagine.
[Kotoko groans]
Until yesterday,
people were wondering
who was behind
these random attacks.
What was their motive?
If we create false answers,
and they gain enough traction,
we'd be able to make
Steel Lady Nanase disappear.
But now, we have
a number of things
we're going to have
to completely fabricate.
[tense drumming]
The first, why did these
attempted attacks happen
and why were they framed
as being committed
by Steel Lady Nanase?
The second, who actually
perpetrated these incidents?
The third, why was
Detective Terada killed
in a way to make it
look like
Steel Lady Nanase
was the culprit?
The fourth, why was
the Detective killed
with no sign of resistance?
And fifth, who actually
murdered Detective Terada?
But solving those things
still won't be enough.
We have to be able to make
these lies work for us.
Without having the person
we make into the suspect
get arrested.
Without brining great harm
or suffering
to an innocent person.
And we need to make sure
this explanation
is one most people
can agree with.
If we can manage all
of these things,
will we be able to make
Steel Lady Nanase disappear?
Even though we have
an advantage
due to Kuro's abilities...
this is still
a difficult situation.
Iwanaga.
Hmm?
If a single solution
isn't enough,
why don't we try
stacking up several?
It's not like Steel Lady Nanase
was born yesterday.
There had to have been
some trial and error
until she was able
to kill someone.
Rumors spread,
the site was created,
posts gained attention,
soon it was popular.
It's obvious.
They must've used various
methods to make sure
that her popularity
didn't fade.
Otherwise then,
it wouldn't be possible
to manifest such a monster
so quickly.
We aren't limited to one
solution to solve everything.
You said it yourself earlier.
Divide each problem.
We'll take steps to shape
the reality,
the thousands of fantasies,
all closer to the solution
you want to create.
But until that's done,
I'll strive
to determine the future
that's going to happen.
But if you do that,
then it means that you'll have
to die a whole bunch of times.
And yesteday,
you said you would.
I guess I did.
[groan]
[gasp]
She's been breaking down all
the information
since yesterday,
figuring out
how we can use it,
and what truths
we can make into lies.
What was still uncertain?
What has been
absolutely verified?
She must've tried,
over and over.
Taking the misshapen blocks
that compose our reality
and determining how to
create a past
that never
actually existed...
Rather than
seeking the truth,
she's creating
alternative facts
a new, ludicrous fiction.
And with the pieces aligned,
it's about to be completed.
[soothing music]
[relishing taste]
Huh?
Yes, that's sweet.
You got this?
I think so.
I've come up with
four solutions.
Now I'll use them,
to round out a truth
that I want.
I will defeat her tonight,
no matter what it takes.
[smile]
Hmm?
[giggle]
[yawn]
I'm gonna sleep for a bit.
Please wake me up before 9:00.
Until then, if there's word of
Steel Lady Nanase appearing...
We can just play it by ear...
Let's go and get some food
for Iwanaga
so she can eat when
she wakes up.
That said, we should probably
grab something for us too.
Right.
We've ordered the yokai
and monsters around the city
to contact us if
they see Steel Lady Nanase.
If they see her, I'll head
straight to the scene
and stop Nanase
from getting away.
And then, I can fight
all night if needed.
Which means I can stop her
and prevent further victims.
And what if
the Steel Lady escapes?
We'll use our intel network
to find her again,
and I'll stop her.
Sounds like trouble.
And yet,
it's still the best way.
If we hear from them,
then I would like to ask you
to help me get to the scene.
I've already lined up
a rental car.
Sorry to get you involved
in all of this,
but can I count on your help?
The last thing I want to see is
any more innocent victims.
Plus, I need to get over
this already.
It's been a while?
I meant since you started
going out with her?
It's been around two and a half
years since we first met.
So right after we broke up?
Well, no, Iwanaga only started
talking to me in May...
and it's not like
we started dating immediately.
I never really had
any intention
of going out with her.
Well, it's not like
I have any right to
complain about it,
but I believe you I guess.
I mean, Iwanaga really is
the exact opposite
of your type.
Yeah, you're totally
right about that.
Yet you two seem to be
doing perfectly fine.
[Saki] I think it's good.
You really shouldn't keep
chasing after Rikka anyway.
[gasp]
Saki, why'd you bring up
Rikka's name?
Well, Kuro...
Because Rikka is
one hundred percent your type,
whether you accept it or not.
Rikka Sakuragawa.
Kuro's cousin, who's
three years older than him.
I'd heard rumors that
she'd passed away since,
but while Kuro and I
were still dating...
she was a long-term patient
at a university hospital.
[Saki] Hospitalized
for testing? For three years?
Well, a lot happened.
I didn't visit her that often
in high school.
But the hospital's so close
to the university,
I get to go visit her
more often now.
Oh?
Then will you take me up there
to meet her sometime?
Sure thing. That sounds nice.
She was a beautiful woman.
With the palest skin and
a frail body.
[ending music]
Steel Lady Nanase
is gradually cementing
her existence.
Who is this Rikka Sakuragawa
who's controlling the future
from the shadows?
Next time,
"She Who Spins Fiction."